An update to radial plane (S175) (#1410)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000175/properties/P000204.md

---
space: S000175
property: P000204
value: false
---

Since every segment is homeomorphic to {S158},

> in the space with removed point
> there still exists a path (union of at most two segemnts)
> between arbitrary pair of points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the space with a removed point
there still exists a path (union of at most two segments)
between an arbitrary pair of points.
```
